#TERMS OF SERVICE - https://rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com/

<br>

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE ("TERMS") AS THESE TERMS CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS.

[https://rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com](https://rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com), and its predecessors, successors, licensors, beneficiaries and/or affiliates (collectively, “rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com”) welcome you to rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com (the "Site"), which includes all web pages within the Site. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms, whether or not you register as a Member of the Site. If you do not agree to all of the Terms, do not use the Site.

rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com may revise and update these Terms at any time. Your continued use of the Site will mean you accept the revised Terms.

These Terms were last updated on May 22, 2020.
<br>
<br>
#### **IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER**

THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE OR SENT TO YOU BY A rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com THERAPIST IS INTENDED TO ASSIST YOU IN YOUR REHABILITATION EFFORTS. ALL INFORMATION IS FURNISHED FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com IS NOT OFFICIALLY AFFILIATED WITH ANY MEDICAL ORGANIZATION OR HOSPITAL. THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE IS NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR MEDICAL COUNSELING. BEFORE YOU BEGIN ANY EXERCISE PROGRAM, CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN TO DETERMINE IF YOU ARE SUITABLE FOR PHYSICAL REHABILITATION. DO NOT START A PHYSICAL REHABILITATION PROGRAM IF YOUR PHYSICIAN ADVISES AGAINST IT. ALTHOUGH rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com AND THE SITE’S THERAPISTS MAKES AN EFFORT TO PROVIDE QUALITY INFORMATION TO YOU, rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED GUARANTEE REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, OR RELEVANCE OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE OR SENT TO YOU BY A rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com THERAPIST OR THE SITE. NO ASSURANCE CAN BE GIVEN THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE WILL REFLECT THE MOST RECENT FINDINGS OR DEVELOPMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR MATERIAL.

YOU MUST ONLY USE rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com UNDER THE DIRECT GUIDANCE OF A AHHPRA (AUSTRALIAN HEALTH PRACTITIONER REGULATION AGENCY) REGISTERED THERAPIST, AFTER AT LEAST ONE IN-PERSON CONSULT.

#### **Registration**

There is no cost to register as a Member of the Site. However, you should only register as a 'Patient' member of the Site under the direction of a AHPRA (Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency) registered therapist. You must agree to use the Site in accordance with your treating therapist. In order to obtain a rehabilitation program, you must provide the Site with certain personal information. The Site respects your privacy and a complete statement of the Site’s current privacy policy can be found on our privacy policy page. The Site’s privacy policy is expressly incorporated into these Terms by this reference. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL YOUR MEMBER STATUS SHOULD YOU VIOLATE THESE TERMS AND ANY OTHER POSTED POLICY ON THE SITE.

#### **Account Security**
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password that you designate during the registration process and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your username and password. You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your username or password or any other breach of security. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.

#### **Limitations on Use**
rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com grants to you a limited personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable right and license to access the Site. Unless otherwise specified in writing, the Site is for your personal and non-commercial use. The Site including, without limitation, the content, metadata, design, organization, compilation, look and feel, the rehabilitation plans and programs and all other protectable intellectual property available through the Site (the “Proprietary Materials”) are the Site’s property or the property of our licensors and are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. All rights regarding the Proprietary Materials not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com. Unless you have our written consent, you may not copy, reproduce, sell, publish, distribute, display, retransmit or otherwise provide access to the Proprietary Materials received through the Site to anyone. You agree not to rearrange, modify or create derivative works using the Proprietary Materials. You agree not to create, scrape or display our content for use on another website or service. You agree not to post any content from the Site to weblogs, news groups, mail lists or electronic bulletin boards, without our written consent.

#### **Notice for Claims of Copyright Violations**
If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on our Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you should provide our Copyright Agent with a written notice that sets forth the infringement details. To be effective, the notice must contain the following information:

Please provide:

1. a description of the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed;
2. a description of the material that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work identified in #1, 3. and a detailed description of where it is located on our website.
your address, telephone number, and email address;
4. a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
5. a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
Please send the written communication to our Copyright Agent at the following address:

By email: dhma108+rehab-buddy@gmail.com

We reserve the right, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, to terminate the privileges of any account holder who repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.

#### **User Generated Content**
We offer members the opportunity to post content on our Site. Any and all information, data, text, photographs, graphics, messages, tags, or other materials that Patients and Therapists submit in connection with any of the foregoing activities is referred to as "User Generated Content." Patients and Therapists are entirely responsible for all User Generated Content that they upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site. By posting User Generated Content on our Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com, an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, reproduce, adapt, modify and distribute such information and content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such information and content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. You further represent and warrant that posting and use of your User Generated Content will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party. We retain the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any User Generated Content. Without limiting the foregoing, we retain the right to remove any User Generated Content that violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, your use of any User Generated Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such User Generated Content. We do not control the User Generated Content or guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such User Generated Content regardless of who posted it and whether or not the person who posted has been accepted as a Trainer or Member. You understand that by using the Site you may be exposed to User Generated Content that is offensive, indecent, and/or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Generated Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any User Generated Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Generated Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Site. You acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your account information and User Generated Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce these Terms (iii) respond to infringement or other claims; or (iv) protect our rights, property or personal safety of our Members and the public. In addition to the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that if you send any User Generated Content to rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com or any of its employees or therapists by email or other methods (other than posting through our Site), that such User Generated Content becomes the non-exclusive property of rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com shall have no obligation to return such content to users.

#### **Conduct**
We reserve the right to terminate your Member status if you misuse the Site or violate these Terms including, without limitation, the following rules of conduct:

You may not:

* Upload, post, transmit to other Members by any means, or otherwise make available any content or materials that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
* Impersonate any person or entity, including another Member, Therapist, or other staff members of rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
* Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted;
* Upload, post, email, transmit to other Members by any means, or otherwise, make available any content or materials that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
* Upload, post, email, transmit to other Members by any means, or otherwise make available any content or materials that infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
* Upload, post, transmit to other Member by any means, or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
* Upload, post, email, transmit to other Members by any means, or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
* Attempt to interfere with or disrupt our servers or networks;
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or any regulations having the force of law; "Stalk" or otherwise harass another; Solicit, collect or post personal data or attempt to solicit, collect or post personal data about other users, including user names or passwords; or access or attempt to access another user's account without his or her consent; and/or
* Post, disseminate, transmit or otherwise distribute your personal data or plan data on any website or through other digital, electronic or printed forum.

#### **DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES**
YOU USE THE SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS OR EFFICACY OF THE CONTENT OF THE SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES IN SUCH CONTENT. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SITE AND THE CONTENT AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE IS ON AN "AS-IS", "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE PRODUCTS, OFFERINGS, CONTENT AND MATERIALS IN THIS SITE. IF ANY APPLICABLE AUTHORITY HOLDS ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST POSSIBLE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

#### **Limitation of Liability**
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), ARISING OUT OF, OR RESULTING FROM, (A) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE; (B) THE USE OF ANY CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL ON THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITE, (C) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SITE PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE; (D) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (E) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SITE; OR (F) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com's TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT [INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE], OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com. IF ANY PORTION OF THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID, LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

#### **Therapists**
rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com DOES NOT ENDORSE OR RECOMMEND ANY THERAPISTS ON THE SITE. ANY STATEMENTS, PROGRAMS, OPINIONS, OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED TO YOU BY A THERAPIST ARE SOLELY ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE THERAPIST- NOT rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com OR THE SITE. RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY A THERAPIST ON OR THROUGH THE SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. PARTICIPATING IN ANY EXERCISE PROGRAM CAN CAUSE INJURY, AND YOU ELECT TO DO SO ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND EXEMPT rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com, THE CREATOR OF THE PROGRAM OR PLAN, OR THE THERAPIST ASSIGNING THE PROGRAM OR PLAN OF ANY LIABILITY. BEFORE YOU BEGIN ANY EXERCISE PROGRAMS, CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN TO DETERMINE IF YOU ARE SUITABLE FOR REHABILITATION. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT, ABILITY OR THE EFFICACY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS OR RELEVANCE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com THERAPISTS AND/OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY SAID THERAPIST. IN NO EVENT SHALL rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, GENERAL, SPECIAL, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND/OR INCIDENTAL, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE CONDUCT OF YOU OR ANYONE ELSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, BODILY INJURY, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, AND/OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION, PROGRAM OR SUGGESTION PROVIDED TO YOU BY A THERAPIST OR COMMUNICATIONS OR MEETINGS BETWEEN THERAPISTS AND MEMBERS OF OR ANY OTHER PERSONS YOU MEET THROUGH THE SITE. YOU AGREE TO TAKE REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS IN ALL INTERACTIONS WITH THERAPISTS.

#### **Indemnification**
You agree to defend, indemnify, and to hold harmless rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com, together with its officers and directors, from any and all liabilities, penalties, claims, causes of action, and demands brought by third parties (including the costs, expenses and attorneys' fees on account thereof) arising, resulting from or relating to: (a) your use of the Site or your inability to use the Site; or (b) an allegation that you violated any representation, warranty, covenant or condition in these Terms. Your agreement to defend, to indemnify, and to hold rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com (and its officers and directors) harmless applies whether a claim against rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com is based in contract or tort (including strict liability), and regardless of the form of action, including but not limited to your violation of any third party right, a claim that the Site caused damage to you or to any third party and/or your use and access to the Site. This indemnification section shall survive your termination of or cessation of use of the Site.

#### **Third Party Websites**
We may link to, or promote websites or services from other companies or offer you the ability to download software from other companies. You agree that rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com is not responsible for, and does not control, those websites. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com encourages you to be aware of this when you leave the Site, and to read the legal notices and privacy policies of each and every website you visit. Your use of a third-party website will be subject to such third-party’s terms of use and privacy policy.

#### **Governing Law and Choice of Forum**
These Terms contains the final and entire agreement between us regarding your use of the Site and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous oral or written agreements regarding your use of the Site. We may discontinue or change the Site, or its availability to you, at any time. These Terms are personal to you, which means that you may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement to anyone. You agree that these Terms, as well as any and all claims arising from these Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New South Wales, Australia, applicable to contracts made entirely within Australia, without regard to any conflict or choice of law principles.

#### **Miscellaneous Terms**
rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms. These Terms will inure to the benefit of rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com's successors, assigns and licensees. The failure of either party to insist upon or enforce the strict performance of the other party with respect to any provision of these Terms, or to exercise any right under the Terms, will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of such party's right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance; rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect.

#### **Age Limitations**
Use of the site is limited to individuals 18 years of age or older. Your use of the site affirms that you are at least 18 years of age. By accepting this agreement, you are affirming that you are 18 years of age or older and have the legal ability to enter into the terms, conditions, representations, and warranties in the Terms of Service. rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com will not be held liable, so far as the law permits, in any way for use of this site by persons under the age of 18.

#### **Contact Information**
Our email is dhma108+rehab-buddy@gmail.com

© 2020 rehab-buddy.herokuapp.com All rights reserved.